Reorganize reference section and add billing documentation (#401)
golioth/docs: docs/reference/6-billing/1-usage.md

---
title: Usage
---

> A subset services offered by the Golioth platform are billed based on monthly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A subset of services offered by the Golioth platform are billed based on monthly
```

> usage. These services are identified in documentation via the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage. These services are identified in documentation using notification cards like the one shown below.
```
